1. Learn python and code in it or continue doing more  

Want to get into AI/Machine Learning

contribute to open source

3. Get internship in first year summer


Learn data structures and algorithms and do leetcode


Do few projects, and set up a good hand in python
Then watch tim video on lucrative projects to build
open source

See tims video on skills other than coding that really make you good
like learning the bash shell, git, and other things like CI/CD

then participate in hackathons
Keep bulding skills by trying different skills

Then do leetcode for coding questions

Learn more about software engineering principles


Intervieiwng and Marketing yourself is different. Start upload projects to create a strong portfolio
Then try to make interviews for 10-20 companies

You will face rejections
Don't feel like an impostor
Stay confident


Also check this:

Think of python as a complicated set of tools. 
You are applying to carpentry jobs. 
They want you to know how to use a hammer, saw and all, 
but they ultimately are in the business of say installing baseboards 
and if you have no idea how to install baseboards then your tool 
knowledge hasn’t been applied to anything they need.

If I were you I would think about things that 
businesses need to do, and then practice doing them to a professional level. 
You can look at local job postings if needed for inspiration. 
You will want to know how to use at least a couple of frameworks 
(web: flask, Django, fastAPI), database stuff (SQLAlchemy, just SQL), 
a bit of JavaScript, HTML and CSS), for 
data science you want to know pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, 
maybe polars. You want to know what Git is, how to use it, 
and have a portfolio of GOOD stuff on it. 
Have a folder in there for mini-projects, 
but for the ‘good stuff’ keep it front and center. 
Build a website, analyze some data, run some basic ML models, etc. 
DO stuff that businesses need people to do.

Oh and some very basic knowledge of the software development lifecycle,
unit testing and such. 
And maybe practice some leetcode for interviews and skill sharpening, 
a bit of DSA helps in getting in some places.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gW2vf5Yd2Y
